Content/build-ai-chatbot-with-custom-knowledge-base (#2010)
baptisteArno/typebot.io: apps/landing-page/content/blog/ai-open-source-tools.mdx

FlowiseAI's versatility shines through its diverse applications:

- Creating question-answering applications.

> - [Building custom chatbots](https://typebot.io/blog/build-ai-chatbot-with-custom-knowledge-base) and QA systems for specific domains or datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Building custom chatbots](./build-ai-chatbot-with-custom-knowledge-base.mdx) and QA systems for specific domains or datasets.
```

Reviewer: And change it everywhere
